Python UDFs (#8116)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/entry-point.md

---
title: entry_point
sidebar_label: "entry_point"
id: entry-point
---
<VersionCallout version="1.11" /> 

<File name='functions/<filename>.yml'>

```yml
functions:
  - name: <function name>
    config:
      runtime_version: <string> # required for Python UDFs
      entry_point: <string> # required for Python UDFs
```

> 

Reviewer: can we give an example here? like a function with multiple sub functions?

Reviewer 2: addressed https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/8116/commits/d2f0a2bfe54af18e8fa7961585c723c8b7cd4e72

Reviewer 2: <img width="1013" height="811" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-11 at 14 57 02" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2017b0ed-385e-4b2a-b0c1-e09c19bee48d" />

Reviewer 2: tested:
<img width="1013" height="648" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-11 at 15 26 20" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b2fe3bd1-3560-4802-8496-f761ddfa8761" />

---
title: entry_point
sidebar_label: "entry_point"
id: entry-point
---
<VersionCallout version="1.11" /> 

<File name='functions/<filename>.yml'>

```yml
functions:
  - name: <function name>
    config:
      entry_point: <string> # required for Python UDFs
```

</File>

## Definition

When creating Python UDFs, specify the Python function to be called in `entry_point`.

## Example

> For example, if you have a Python UDF in `functions/my_function.py` with the following code which has a function named `main` as the entry point:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you have a Python UDF in `functions/my_function.py` with the following code which uses the function `main` as the entry point:
```

---
title: entry_point
sidebar_label: "entry_point"
id: entry-point
---
<VersionCallout version="1.11" /> 

<File name='functions/<filename>.yml'>

```yml
functions:
  - name: <function name>
    config:
      entry_point: <string> # required for Python UDFs
```

</File>

## Definition

When creating Python UDFs, specify the Python function to be called in `entry_point`.

Different warehouses show different names for the entry point function. Check out the following table for the different names:

| Warehouse | Python UDF support in dbt| How `entry_point` is used | 
| -- | -- | -- | 
| Snowflake | ✅ | Becomes the `HANDLER` name in `LANGUAGE PYTHON UDF` | 

> |BigQuery | ✅ | Becomes the entry_point in `OPTIONS(...)` | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|BigQuery | ✅ | Becomes the `entry_point` in `OPTIONS(...)` | 
```
